# FNSS C++ library
The FNSS C++ library allows to parse XML files of topologies, traffic matrices and event schedules generated using the core FNSS library.
The parsed files are converted in C++ objects that can be used in C++-based simulators or emulators.
If you wish to use FNSS to import topologies to the ns-3 simulator, please use the FNSS ns-3 library instead.

## Project directory structure
The files of the C++ FNSS library are organized in the following directories.

* `bin`: binary code (generated by the build script)
* `dist`: distribution packages (generated by the build script)
* `doc`: API documentation (generated by the build script)
* `examples`: example code using the library
* `lib`: third party libraries
* `src`: source code
* `test`: test code

## Build
You can build the code by using `make`.

To build the source code, open the command shell and move to the directory where this README file is located. Then run:

    $ make

This will compile all the code and place the binary code under the `bin` directory.

To build the documentation, run:

    $ make doc

This will create HTML and Latex documentation under the `doc` directory. You need [Doxygen](www.doxygen.org/) to build it.

Finally, to build packages for distribution, run:

    $ make dist

This will create zip and tar.gz packages in the `dist` directory.


## How to use it
To learn how to use the library you can either look at the documentation in the `doc` folder or look at some examples provided in the `examples` folder.
Should you need any further information, please contact us and we'll be happy to help you.

## Requirements
The only required library which is not part of the the C++ standard library is [RapidXML](http://rapidxml.sourceforge.net/) which is already included in the `lib` folder and ready to use.
To build the documentation you need the [Doxygen](www.doxygen.org/) documentation generator.

## License
The FNSS C++ library is released under the terms of the [BSD License](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses). See LICENSE.txt.
